esquiar(mandato-informal[+/-]) esqui'a esqui'es
ayudar(mandato-informal[+/-]) ayuda ayudes
bailar(mandato-informal[+/-]) baila bailes
buscar(mandato-informal[+/-]) busca busques
caminar(mandato-informal[+/-]) camina camines
cantar(mandato-informal[+/-]) canta cantes
cocinar(mandato-informal[+/-]) cocina cocines
comprar(mandato-informal[+/-]) compra compres
desear(mandato-informal[+/-]) desea desees
ensen'ar(mandato-informal[+/-]) ensen'a ensen'es
escuchar(mandato-informal[+/-]) escucha escuches
estudiar(mandato-informal[+/-]) estudia estudies
hablar(mandato-informal[+/-]) habla hables
limpiar(mandato-informal[+/-]) limpia limpies
llamar(mandato-informal[+/-]) llama llames
llegar(mandato-informal[+/-]) llega llegues
mirar(mandato-informal[+/-]) mira mires
nadar(mandato-informal[+/-]) nada nades
necesitar(mandato-informal[+/-]) necesita necesites
practicar(mandato-informal[+/-]) practica practiques
preguntar(mandato-informal[+/-]) pregunta preguntes
regresar(mandato-informal[+/-]) regresa regreses
tomar(mandato-informal[+/-]) toma tomes
trabajar(mandato-informal[+/-]) trabaja trabajes
viajar(mandato-informal[+/-]) viaja viajes
tener(mandato-informal[+/-]) ten tengas