brindar(mandato-informal[+/-]) brinda brindes
casar(mandato-informal[+/-]) casa cases
celebrar(mandato-informal[+/-]) celebra celebres
cumplir(mandato-informal[+/-]) cumple cumplas
romper(mandato-informal[+/-]) rompe rompas
aburrir(mandato-informal[+/-]) aburre aburras
alegrar(mandato-informal[+/-]) alegra alegres
asustar(mandato-informal[+/-]) asusta asustes
atropellar(mandato-informal[+/-]) atropella atropelles
chocar(mandato-informal[+/-]) choca choques
dan'ar(mandato-informal[+/-]) dan'a dan'es
enojar(mandato-informal[+/-]) enoja enojes
estacionar(mandato-informal[+/-]) estaciona estaciones
frustrar(mandato-informal[+/-]) frustra frustres
pasar(mandato-informal[+/-]) pasa pases
sorprender(mandato-informal[+/-]) sorprende sorprendas
subir(mandato-informal[+/-]) sube subas
atravesar(mandato-informal[+/-]) atraviesa atravieses
caer(mandato-informal[+/-]) cae caigas
distraer(mandato-informal[+/-]) distrae distraigas
sentir(mandato-informal[+/-]) siente sientas
tropezar(mandato-informal[+/-]) tropieza tropieces