cerrar(mandato-informal[+/-]) cierra cierres
comenzar(mandato-informal[+/-]) comienza comiences
competir(mandato-informal[+/-]) compite compitas
empezar(mandato-informal[+/-]) empieza empieces
entender(mandato-informal[+/-]) entiende entiendas
mentir(mandato-informal[+/-]) miente mientas
nevar(mandato-informal[+/-]) nieva nieves
pedir(mandato-informal[+/-]) pide pidas
pensar(mandato-informal[+/-]) piensa pienses
perder(mandato-informal[+/-]) pierde pierdas
preferir(mandato-informal[+/-]) prefiere prefieras
rei'r(mandato-informal[+/-]) ri'e ri'as
repetir(mandato-informal[+/-]) repite repitas
querer(mandato-informal[+/-]) quiere quieras
servir(mandato-informal[+/-]) sirve sirvas
sonreír(mandato-informal[+/-]) sonri'e sonri'as
abrir(mandato-informal[+/-]) abre abras
aprender(mandato-informal[+/-]) aprende aprendas
asistir(mandato-informal[+/-]) asiste asistas
beber(mandato-informal[+/-]) bebe bebas
comer(mandato-informal[+/-]) come comas
comprender(mandato-informal[+/-]) comprende comprendas
correr(mandato-informal[+/-]) corre corras
creer(mandato-informal[+/-]) cree creas
deber(mandato-informal[+/-]) debe debas
escribir(mandato-informal[+/-]) escribe escribas
leer(mandato-informal[+/-]) lee leas
recibir(mandato-informal[+/-]) recibe recibas
vender(mandato-informal[+/-]) vende vendas
vivir(mandato-informal[+/-]) vive vivas
llevar(mandato-informal[+/-]) lleva lleves