afeitar(mandato-informal[+/-]) afeita afeites
arreglar(mandato-informal[+/-]) arregla arregles
ban'ar(mandato-informal[+/-]) ban'a ban'es
cepillar(mandato-informal[+/-]) cepilla cepilles
cortar(mandato-informal[+/-]) corta cortes
duchar(mandato-informal[+/-]) ducha duches
estirar(mandato-informal[+/-]) estira estires
lavar(mandato-informal[+/-]) lava laves
levantar(mandato-informal[+/-]) levanta levantes
maquillar(mandato-informal[+/-]) maquilla maquilles
peinar(mandato-informal[+/-]) peina peines
quitar(mandato-informal[+/-]) quita quites
secar(mandato-informal[+/-]) seca seques
acampar(mandato-informal[+/-]) acampa acampes
andar(mandato-informal[+/-]) anda andes
bucear(mandato-informal[+/-]) bucea bucees
montar(mandato-informal[+/-]) monta montes
patinar(mandato-informal[+/-]) patina patines
pescar(mandato-informal[+/-]) pesca pesques
acostar(mandato-informal[+/-]) acuesta acuestes
despertar(mandato-informal[+/-]) despierta despiertes
divertir(mandato-informal[+/-]) divierte diviertas
vestir(mandato-informal[+/-]) viste vistas